1. Dashboard UI 
   1. What it is
      1. where managers, owners, and auditors interact with the system
   2. functions and features
      1. view records
      2. option to add/store a record
      3. have separate types for business record type
      4. ability to view integrity of records
      5. login features, with options to select what user role
      6. display business metrics such as revenue (**maybe) possibly on home page
      7. record filtering, feature that should be on tab where you can view records
      8. should only send requests to backend and display results
      9. main dashboard, views, charts, audit view
2. Backend processing
   1. what it is
      1. handle requests made by user and reply with results that the UI will display
   2. functions and features
      1. understand who is logging in and what their role is (referring to an active directory)
      2. store business records
      3. generate summaries (**maybe)
      4. calculate metrics (**maybe)
      5. request blockchain verification
      6. record manager, analytics, access control, ledger interface
3. Blockchain ledger engine
   1. what it is
      1. a database containing blocks that each contain business records chained by hashes
   2. functions and features 
      1. contain blocks that will store the records
      2. provide information in a chronologically ordered manner
      3. consensus mechanism that will be used when information is trying to be added
      4. generate sha-256 hashes
      5. link blocks via previous_hash
      6. validate entire chain
      7. detect tampering 
      8. block, blockchain, hashing, validation
4. Storage/Database
   1. what it is
      1. stores data, so data can survive in event of a shutdown (could possibly be a JSON file & SQLite database)
   2. functions and features
      1. save blockchain ledger to disk (if that’s possible)
      2. load blockchain at startup
      3. store logs???
      4. store user roles???
      5. storage manager, database, file handler